welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
survival island
[Music]
jack billy zane and jennifer kelly brook
are a wealthy couple who are yachting in
the caribbean during christmas
one of their crew is the handsome manuel
juan pablo d
pace who is cursed by his angry
ex-girlfriend as he prepares to leave on
the yacht
he is clearly bothered and has a
difficult time fulfilling requests for
the crew and guests
after the captain confronts him manuel
quits and throws down a rag
as he storms out of the galley the rack
lands on a gas flame and causes the
entire yacht to catch fire
the captain is unable to control the
blaze with a fire extinguisher so they
abandon ship
their lifeboats are capsized by a storm
later that night and everyone becomes
separated
washing up on a deserted island jennifer
is completely alone until she sees the
body of the captain in the water
as she attempts to resuscitate him
manuel appears and also unsuccessfully
tries to revive the man
they bury the captain and under manuel's
guidance
set out to build a shelter and find food
two days later jack also turns up on the
island
although things go smoothly for a little
while jack eventually
suspects manuel of having desires on his
wife and declares the man his enemy
promising to ruin his life once they get
off the island
manuel responds that jack had better get
home soon
because he can ruin jack's life right
there on the island
this puts jennifer in the uncomfortable
position of her loyalty to jack
conflicting with the realization that
they both need manuel's help to survive
a proud man jack insists that he can
provide for them both
but it quickly becomes apparent that he
cannot
jack and jennifer's relationship starts
quickly deteriorating
jack steals manuel's goggles to go
fishing one day
and when manuel discovers this he
threatens to kill jack
jennifer attempts to get him to calm
down
as the two exit the water after fighting
manuel
pins jennifer down and starts to rape
her but she soon stops resisting and the
act becomes consensual
afterwards jennifer feels remorse saying
manuel
shouldn't have had sex with her despite
having enjoyed the encounter
manuel reveals that he has loved
jennifer from the moment he first saw
her
but it is also clear that this is a way
for him to hurt jack
when jack returns jennifer accidentally
hints at him what had happened and he
furiously rejects her
while fishing another day jack finds a
boat on the ocean floor
he drags it to shore and attempts to
repair it
manuel proposes that he and jennifer go
for a midnight swim and as they start
having sex
jennifer gives manuel the idea of
stealing the boat so they can get away
together from the island
unaware that jack is listening to them
they plan to do so while jack is out
fishing
however they do not get far before the
boat begins to sink and they realize
that jack's plan all along was for them
to take the boat and drown
they are forced to swim back to the
island and to jack
who attacks the now exhausted man well
with a spear and kidnaps jennifer
the following day an intense fight
sequence ensues
interwoven with scenes of manuel's
ex-girlfriend performing a voodoo
ceremony
the scene climaxes when jennifer pins
jack to the ground
attempting to kill him with his own
knife
manuel with jack's spear stuck in his
back
picks up a heavy rock with which to
crush jack
he loses his balance and falls backward
impaling himself
on the spear to jennifer's horror
simultaneously the voodoo girl impales
his effigy on a spike
one year later a yachting family drops
anchor near the island and explores it
discovering jennifer asleep in her hut
she still somewhat distraught over
manuel's death
leaves with them but does not mention
that her ex-husband
who she has been forced to live with and
depend on since manuel's death
is also on the island jack
who is fishing sees her leaving on the
yacht and calls out
but jennifer who had also stolen his
lighter so he could not make any more
fires
finally exacts revenge on him by
ignoring him and the family inside the
boat cannot hear him
jack is abandoned on the island and his
eventual fate is left ambiguous
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you